README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <img src="./name.svg" alt="Damilola Ijiwola Banner"/>
</p>

<h3 align="center">Cloud DevOps Engineer | AI/ML Enthusiast | Solution Builder</h3>

<p align="center">
  <a href="mailto:dami.jiwola@gmail.com">Email</a> •
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/dami-ijiwola">LinkedIn</a> •
  <a href="https://github.com/Dlola">GitHub</a>
</p>

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->
<p align="center">
  <a href="#about-me">👤 About Me</a> |
  <a href="#tech-stack">🛠️ Tech Stack</a> |
  <a href="#experience">💼 Experience</a> |
  <a href="#certifications">📜 Certifications</a> |
  <a href="#projects">🚀 Projects</a> |
  <a href="#beyond-tech">🎾 Hobbies</a> |
  <a href="#contact"> Contact</a>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Open%20Source-%E2%9D%A4-green" alt="Open Source Love"/>
</p>



<!-- ABOUT ME -->
<img align="right" src="https://media.giphy.com/media/qgQUggAC3Pfv687qPC/giphy.gif" width="200"/>
  
<a name="about-me"></a>
### 👨🏾‍💻 About Me
- 🚀 Cloud DevOps Engineer with 4+ years of experience
- 🛠️ Building scalable solutions with GCP, Kubernetes, Terraform, Node.js, and more
- 🤖 Passionate about AI/ML, automation, and creative problem-solving
- 🌍 Based in London, UK

<!-- TECH STACK -->
<a name="tech-stack"></a>
### 🛠️ Tech Stack & Tools

<p align="center">
  <a href="#1-mermaid-mindmap-visual-overview">
    <img src="https://media.giphy.com/media/3o7aD2saalBwwftBIY/giphy.gif" width="120" alt="Mindmap Visual Thinker"/><br>
    <b>🎨 Mindmap</b>
  </a>
  &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
  <a href="#2-shieldsio-badge-grid-detailed-overview">
    <img src="https://media.giphy.com/media/l0MYt5jPR6QX5pnqM/giphy.gif" width="120" alt="Badge Grid Detail Oriented"/><br>
    <b>💻 Badge Grid</b>
  </a>
</p>

---

#### 1. Mermaid Mindmap (Visual Overview)
```mermaid
mindmap
  root((Tech Snapshot))
    Languages
      JavaScript
      TypeScript
      Python
      SQL
      Bash
      PowerShell
      R
      Groovy
    UI
      Tailwind
      Bootstrap
      Material-UI
      Ant Design
      Vue
    AI/ML & Data
      NumPy
      Pandas
      Scikit-Learn
      TensorFlow
      PyTorch
      Langchain
      Matplotlib
      Plotly
      D3.js
      OpenAI
      Pinecone
      Embedding Creation
      RAG Pipelines
      Text to Speech
      Speech to Text
      OCR
    DevOps
      Docker
      Docker Compose
      Git
      GitHub Actions
      Jenkins
      CircleCI
      Monorepos
    Cloud
      AWS ☁️
        EC2
        ECS
        ECR
        Fargate
        S3
        Lambda
        "Load Balancer"
        SageMaker
        "SageMaker Studio"
        Neptune
        Batch
        Workspaces
      GCP 🌐
      Azure 🔷
      Fly.io 🚀
      Cloudflare 🌩️
    Frameworks
      React
      "Next.js"
      FastAPI
      Flask
      Express
      Django
      Streamlit
      Dash
      "R-Shiny"
      Electron
      Pydantic
      SQLAlchemy
      Node.js
    Automation & Integration
      Zapier
      n8n
      API Usage
      API Gateway
      Kafka
      Redis
    Productivity & Admin
      Custom Email Server Setup
      M365 Administration
      Networking Troubleshooting
```

---

#### 2. Shields.io Badge Grid (Detailed Overview)

**Cloud**  
![AWS](https://img.shields.io/badge/AWS-232F3E?logo=amazon-aws&logoColor=white)
![GCP](https://img.shields.io/badge/GCP-4285F4?logo=google-cloud&logoColor=white)
![GKE](https://img.shields.io/badge/GKE-4285F4?logo=google-cloud&logoColor=white)
![Azure](https://img.shields.io/badge/Azure-0078D4?logo=microsoft-azure&logoColor=white)
![Cloudflare](https://img.shields.io/badge/Cloudflare-F38020?logo=cloudflare&logoColor=white)
![Fly.io](https://img.shields.io/badge/Fly.io-011627?logo=flydotio&logoColor=white)

**DevOps & Automation**  
![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker-2496ED?logo=docker&logoColor=white)
![Docker Compose](https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker%20Compose-2496ED?logo=docker&logoColor=white)
![Kubernetes](https://img.shields.io/badge/Kubernetes-326CE5?logo=kubernetes&logoColor=white)
![Jenkins](https://img.shields.io/badge/Jenkins-D24939?logo=jenkins&logoColor=white)
![GitHub Actions](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub%20Actions-2088FF?logo=github-actions&logoColor=white)
![CircleCI](https://img.shields.io/badge/CircleCI-343434?logo=circleci&logoColor=white)
![Terraform](https://img.shields.io/badge/Terraform-623CE4?logo=terraform&logoColor=white)
![Zapier](https://img.shields.io/badge/Zapier-FF4A00?logo=zapier&logoColor=white)
![n8n](https://img.shields.io/badge/n8n-FF6A00?logo=n8n&logoColor=white)
![Monorepos](https://img.shields.io/badge/Monorepos-000000?logo=github&logoColor=white)
![Grafana](https://img.shields.io/badge/Grafana-F46800?logo=grafana&logoColor=white)
![Prometheus](https://img.shields.io/badge/Prometheus-E6522C?logo=prometheus&logoColor=white)
![Kiali](https://img.shields.io/badge/Kiali-3C4E99?logo=kiali&logoColor=white)
![Datadog](https://img.shields.io/badge/Datadog-632CA6?logo=datadog&logoColor=white)

**Programming Languages**  
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?logo=javascript&logoColor=black)
![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-3178C6?logo=typescript&logoColor=white)
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?logo=python&logoColor=white)
![C#](https://img.shields.io/badge/C%23-239120?logo=c-sharp&logoColor=white)
![SQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/SQL-4479A1?logo=postgresql&logoColor=white)
![Bash](https://img.shields.io/badge/Bash-4EAA25?logo=gnubash&logoColor=white)
![PowerShell](https://img.shields.io/badge/PowerShell-5391FE?logo=powershell&logoColor=white)
![R](https://img.shields.io/badge/R-276DC3?logo=r&logoColor=white)
![Groovy](https://img.shields.io/badge/Groovy-4298B8?logo=apachegroovy&logoColor=white)

**Frameworks & UI**  
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-61DAFB?logo=react&logoColor=black)
![Next.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Next.js-000000?logo=nextdotjs&logoColor=white)
![Vue.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Vue.js-4FC08D?logo=vue.js&logoColor=white)
![Express](https://img.shields.io/badge/Express-000000?logo=express&logoColor=white)
![Django](https://img.shields.io/badge/Django-092E20?logo=django&logoColor=white)
![Flask](https://img.shields.io/badge/Flask-000000?logo=flask&logoColor=white)
![FastAPI](https://img.shields.io/badge/FastAPI-009688?logo=fastapi&logoColor=white)
![Streamlit](https://img.shields.io/badge/Streamlit-FF4B4B?logo=streamlit&logoColor=white)
![Dash](https://img.shields.io/badge/Dash-00AEEF?logo=plotly&logoColor=white)
![R-Shiny](https://img.shields.io/badge/R--Shiny-276DC3?logo=r&logoColor=white)
![Electron](https://img.shields.io/badge/Electron-47848F?logo=electron&logoColor=white)
![Pydantic](https://img.shields.io/badge/Pydantic-008000?logo=python&logoColor=white)
![SQLAlchemy](https://img.shields.io/badge/SQLAlchemy-FF6F00?logo=python&logoColor=white)
![Tailwind](https://img.shields.io/badge/Tailwind_CSS-06B6D4?logo=tailwindcss&logoColor=white)
![Bootstrap](https://img.shields.io/badge/Bootstrap-7952B3?logo=bootstrap&logoColor=white)
![Material-UI](https://img.shields.io/badge/Material--UI-0081CB?logo=mui&logoColor=white)
![Ant Design](https://img.shields.io/badge/Ant_Design-0170FE?logo=antdesign&logoColor=white)
![Shadcn-UI](https://img.shields.io/badge/Shadcn--UI-000000?logo=react&logoColor=white)

**AI/ML & Data**  
![OpenAI](https://img.shields.io/badge/OpenAI-412991?logo=openai&logoColor=white)
![Pinecone](https://img.shields.io/badge/Pinecone-45A29E?logo=pinecone&logoColor=white)
![Langchain](https://img.shields.io/badge/Langchain-000000?logo=python&logoColor=white)
![TensorFlow](https://img.shields.io/badge/TensorFlow-FF6F00?logo=tensorflow&logoColor=white)
![PyTorch](https://img.shields.io/badge/PyTorch-EE4C2C?logo=pytorch&logoColor=white)
![NumPy](https://img.shields.io/badge/NumPy-013243?logo=numpy&logoColor=white)
![Pandas](https://img.shields.io/badge/Pandas-150458?logo=pandas&logoColor=white)
![Scikit-Learn](https://img.shields.io/badge/Scikit--Learn-F7931E?logo=scikitlearn&logoColor=white)
![Matplotlib](https://img.shields.io/badge/Matplotlib-11557C?logo=python&logoColor=white)
![Seaborn](https://img.shields.io/badge/Seaborn-76B900?logo=python&logoColor=white)
![Plotly](https://img.shields.io/badge/Plotly-3F4F75?logo=plotly&logoColor=white)
![D3.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/D3.js-F9A03C?logo=d3dotjs&logoColor=white)
![Deepgram](https://img.shields.io/badge/Deepgram-000000?logo=deepgram&logoColor=white)
![WebSocket](https://img.shields.io/badge/WebSocket-010101?logo=websocket&logoColor=white)

**Vector Databases**  
![Pinecone](https://img.shields.io/badge/Pinecone-45A29E?logo=pinecone&logoColor=white)

**Databases & Messaging**  
![Redis](https://img.shields.io/badge/Redis-DC382D?logo=redis&logoColor=white)
![Kafka](https://img.shields.io/badge/Kafka-231F20?logo=apachekafka&logoColor=white)

**Productivity & Admin**  
![M365](https://img.shields.io/badge/M365-0078D4?logo=microsoft&logoColor=white)
![Notion](https://img.shields.io/badge/Notion-000000?logo=notion&logoColor=white)
![Slack](https://img.shields.io/badge/Slack-4A154B?logo=slack&logoColor=white)
![Discord](https://img.shields.io/badge/Discord-5865F2?logo=discord&logoColor=white)
![Matrix](https://img.shields.io/badge/Matrix-000000?logo=matrix&logoColor=white)
![Custom Email Server](https://img.shields.io/badge/Custom%20Email%20Server-0078D4?logo=maildotru&logoColor=white)
![Networking Troubleshooting](https://img.shields.io/badge/Networking%20Troubleshooting-000000?logo=networkx&logoColor=white)

**Special Skills**  
![Build Trading Algos](https://img.shields.io/badge/Build%20Trading%20Algos-0A192F?logo=chartdotjs&logoColor=white)
![Custom Indicators](https://img.shields.io/badge/Custom%20Indicators-0A192F?logo=chartdotjs&logoColor=white)
![CTrader](https://img.shields.io/badge/CTrader-239120?logo=c-sharp&logoColor=white)


---

<!-- EXPERIENCE HIGHLIGHTS -->
<a name="experience"></a>
### 💼 Experience Highlights
- **GFT Financial**: GCP Cloud DevOps Engineer (2023–Present)
  - Deployed and managed infra for high-profile clients (HSBC, etc.)
  - Built robust CI/CD pipelines, automated deployments, and integrated AI/ML workflows
- **Vantage Point Global**: GCP Cloud Engineer (2021–2023)
  - Designed scalable, secure GCP environments for big data and fraud detection
- **Custom Solutions**: Built RAG pipelines, automation bots, and custom APIs for various clients

<!-- CERTIFICATIONS -->
<a name="certifications"></a>
### 📜 Certifications
<p>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GCP_Professional_Cloud_Security_Engineer-4285F4?logo=googlecloud&logoColor=white"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GCP_Professional_Cloud_Database_Engineer-4285F4?logo=googlecloud&logoColor=white"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GCP_Professional_Cloud_Architect-4285F4?logo=googlecloud&logoColor=white"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GCP_Associate_Cloud_Engineer-4285F4?logo=googlecloud&logoColor=white"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Azure_Fundamentals-0078D4?logo=microsoftazure&logoColor=white"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Terraform_Associate-623CE4?logo=terraform&logoColor=white"/>
</p>

<!-- LATEST PROJECTS -->
<a name="projects"></a>
### 🚀 Latest Projects
- **AI-Powered Chatbot**: Custom RAG pipeline using OpenAI, Pinecone, and Express (private, demo on request)
- **Cloud Automation Suite**: Automated workflows with n8n, Zapier, and GCP Functions (private, demo on request)
- **Scalable API Gateway**: Built with Node.js, Docker, and Cloudflare for high-traffic apps (private, demo on request)

<!-- BEYOND TECH / HOBBIES -->
<a name="beyond-tech"></a>
### 🎾 Beyond Tech
When I'm not coding, you'll find me:
- 🏸 Playing tennis & padel
- 🧗‍♂️ Bouldering & hiking
- 🏀 Shooting hoops
- 🏋️‍♂️ Hitting the gym

<!-- LET'S CONNECT -->
<a name="contact"></a>
---
<p align="center">
  <b>Let's connect and build something awesome together!</b><br>
  <a href="mailto:dami.jiwola@gmail.com"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-Dami-blue?style=flat-square&logo=gmail"></a>
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/dami-ijiwola"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-Dami-blue?style=flat-square&logo=linkedin"></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/Dlola"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-Dami-black?style=flat-square&logo=github"></a>
</p>

<!-- COOL INTRO/FOCUS SECTION -->

---

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://media.giphy.com/media/3o7aD2saalBwwftBIY/giphy.gif" width="120"/>
</p>

<p align="center"><b>🚀 Most of my work is in private repositories or client projects.<br>
But here's a snapshot of what I do best!</b></p>

---

Commit message:

Add Social Media Marketing Automation SaaS project to Experience Highlights

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <img src="./name.svg" alt="Damilola Ijiwola Banner"/>
</p>

<h3 align="center">Cloud DevOps Engineer | AI/ML Enthusiast | Solution Builder</h3>

<p align="center">
  <a href="mailto:dami.jiwola@gmail.com">Email</a> •
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/dami-ijiwola">LinkedIn</a> •
  <a href="https://github.com/Dlola">GitHub</a>
</p>

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->
<p align="center">
  <a href="#about-me">👤 About Me</a> |
  <a href="#tech-stack">🛠️ Tech Stack</a> |
  <a href="#experience">💼 Experience</a> |
  <a href="#certifications">📜 Certifications</a> |
  <a href="#projects">🚀 Projects</a> |
  <a href="#beyond-tech">🎾 Hobbies</a> |
  <a href="#contact"> Contact</a>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Open%20Source-%E2%9D%A4-green" alt="Open Source Love"/>
</p>



<!-- ABOUT ME -->
<img align="right" src="https://media.giphy.com/media/qgQUggAC3Pfv687qPC/giphy.gif" width="200"/>
  
<a name="about-me"></a>
### 👨🏾‍💻 About Me
- 🚀 Cloud DevOps Engineer with 4+ years of experience
- 🛠️ Building scalable solutions with GCP, Kubernetes, Terraform, Node.js, and more
- 🤖 Passionate about AI/ML, automation, and creative problem-solving
- 🌍 Based in London, UK

<!-- TECH STACK -->
<a name="tech-stack"></a>
### 🛠️ Tech Stack & Tools

<p align="center">
  <a href="#1-mermaid-mindmap-visual-overview">
    <img src="https://media.giphy.com/media/3o7aD2saalBwwftBIY/giphy.gif" width="120" alt="Mindmap Visual Thinker"/><br>
    <b>🎨 Mindmap</b>
  </a>
  &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
  <a href="#2-shieldsio-badge-grid-detailed-overview">
    <img src="https://media.giphy.com/media/l0MYt5jPR6QX5pnqM/giphy.gif" width="120" alt="Badge Grid Detail Oriented"/><br>
    <b>💻 Badge Grid</b>
  </a>
</p>

---

#### 1. Mermaid Mindmap (Visual Overview)
```mermaid
mindmap
  root((Tech Snapshot))
    Languages
      JavaScript
      TypeScript
      Python
      SQL
      Bash
      PowerShell
      R
      Groovy
    UI
      Tailwind
      Bootstrap
      Material-UI
      Ant Design
      Vue
    AI/ML & Data
      NumPy
      Pandas
      Scikit-Learn
      TensorFlow
      PyTorch
      Langchain
      Matplotlib
      Plotly
      D3.js
      OpenAI
      Pinecone
      Embedding Creation
      RAG Pipelines
      Text to Speech
      Speech to Text
      OCR
    DevOps
      Docker
      Docker Compose
      Git
      GitHub Actions
      Jenkins
      CircleCI
      Monorepos
    Cloud
      AWS ☁️
        EC2
        ECS
        ECR
        Fargate
        S3
        Lambda
        "Load Balancer"
        SageMaker
        "SageMaker Studio"
        Neptune
        Batch
        Workspaces
      GCP 🌐
      Azure 🔷
      Fly.io 🚀
      Cloudflare 🌩️
    Frameworks
      React
      "Next.js"
      FastAPI
      Flask
      Express
      Django
      Streamlit
      Dash
      "R-Shiny"
      Electron
      Pydantic
      SQLAlchemy
      Node.js
    Automation & Integration
      Zapier
      n8n
      API Usage
      API Gateway
      Kafka
      Redis
    Productivity & Admin
      Custom Email Server Setup
      M365 Administration
      Networking Troubleshooting
```

---

#### 2. Shields.io Badge Grid (Detailed Overview)

**Cloud**  
![AWS](https://img.shields.io/badge/AWS-232F3E?logo=amazon-aws&logoColor=white)
![GCP](https://img.shields.io/badge/GCP-4285F4?logo=google-cloud&logoColor=white)
![GKE](https://img.shields.io/badge/GKE-4285F4?logo=google-cloud&logoColor=white)
![Azure](https://img.shields.io/badge/Azure-0078D4?logo=microsoft-azure&logoColor=white)
![Cloudflare](https://img.shields.io/badge/Cloudflare-F38020?logo=cloudflare&logoColor=white)
![Fly.io](https://img.shields.io/badge/Fly.io-011627?logo=flydotio&logoColor=white)

**DevOps & Automation**  
![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker-2496ED?logo=docker&logoColor=white)
![Docker Compose](https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker%20Compose-2496ED?logo=docker&logoColor=white)
![Kubernetes](https://img.shields.io/badge/Kubernetes-326CE5?logo=kubernetes&logoColor=white)
![Jenkins](https://img.shields.io/badge/Jenkins-D24939?logo=jenkins&logoColor=white)
![GitHub Actions](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub%20Actions-2088FF?logo=github-actions&logoColor=white)
![CircleCI](https://img.shields.io/badge/CircleCI-343434?logo=circleci&logoColor=white)
![Terraform](https://img.shields.io/badge/Terraform-623CE4?logo=terraform&logoColor=white)
![Zapier](https://img.shields.io/badge/Zapier-FF4A00?logo=zapier&logoColor=white)
![n8n](https://img.shields.io/badge/n8n-FF6A00?logo=n8n&logoColor=white)
![Monorepos](https://img.shields.io/badge/Monorepos-000000?logo=github&logoColor=white)
![Grafana](https://img.shields.io/badge/Grafana-F46800?logo=grafana&logoColor=white)
![Prometheus](https://img.shields.io/badge/Prometheus-E6522C?logo=prometheus&logoColor=white)
![Kiali](https://img.shields.io/badge/Kiali-3C4E99?logo=kiali&logoColor=white)
![Datadog](https://img.shields.io/badge/Datadog-632CA6?logo=datadog&logoColor=white)

**Programming Languages**  
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?logo=javascript&logoColor=black)
![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-3178C6?logo=typescript&logoColor=white)
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?logo=python&logoColor=white)
![C#](https://img.shields.io/badge/C%23-239120?logo=c-sharp&logoColor=white)
![SQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/SQL-4479A1?logo=postgresql&logoColor=white)
![Bash](https://img.shields.io/badge/Bash-4EAA25?logo=gnubash&logoColor=white)
![PowerShell](https://img.shields.io/badge/PowerShell-5391FE?logo=powershell&logoColor=white)
![R](https://img.shields.io/badge/R-276DC3?logo=r&logoColor=white)
![Groovy](https://img.shields.io/badge/Groovy-4298B8?logo=apachegroovy&logoColor=white)

**Frameworks & UI**  
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-61DAFB?logo=react&logoColor=black)
![Next.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Next.js-000000?logo=nextdotjs&logoColor=white)
![Vue.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Vue.js-4FC08D?logo=vue.js&logoColor=white)
![Express](https://img.shields.io/badge/Express-000000?logo=express&logoColor=white)
![Django](https://img.shields.io/badge/Django-092E20?logo=django&logoColor=white)
![Flask](https://img.shields.io/badge/Flask-000000?logo=flask&logoColor=white)
![FastAPI](https://img.shields.io/badge/FastAPI-009688?logo=fastapi&logoColor=white)
![Streamlit](https://img.shields.io/badge/Streamlit-FF4B4B?logo=streamlit&logoColor=white)
![Dash](https://img.shields.io/badge/Dash-00AEEF?logo=plotly&logoColor=white)
![R-Shiny](https://img.shields.io/badge/R--Shiny-276DC3?logo=r&logoColor=white)
![Electron](https://img.shields.io/badge/Electron-47848F?logo=electron&logoColor=white)
![Pydantic](https://img.shields.io/badge/Pydantic-008000?logo=python&logoColor=white)
![SQLAlchemy](https://img.shields.io/badge/SQLAlchemy-FF6F00?logo=python&logoColor=white)
![Tailwind](https://img.shields.io/badge/Tailwind_CSS-06B6D4?logo=tailwindcss&logoColor=white)
![Bootstrap](https://img.shields.io/badge/Bootstrap-7952B3?logo=bootstrap&logoColor=white)
![Material-UI](https://img.shields.io/badge/Material--UI-0081CB?logo=mui&logoColor=white)
![Ant Design](https://img.shields.io/badge/Ant_Design-0170FE?logo=antdesign&logoColor=white)
![Shadcn-UI](https://img.shields.io/badge/Shadcn--UI-000000?logo=react&logoColor=white)

**AI/ML & Data**  
![OpenAI](https://img.shields.io/badge/OpenAI-412991?logo=openai&logoColor=white)
![Pinecone](https://img.shields.io/badge/Pinecone-45A29E?logo=pinecone&logoColor=white)
![Langchain](https://img.shields.io/badge/Langchain-000000?logo=python&logoColor=white)
![TensorFlow](https://img.shields.io/badge/TensorFlow-FF6F00?logo=tensorflow&logoColor=white)
![PyTorch](https://img.shields.io/badge/PyTorch-EE4C2C?logo=pytorch&logoColor=white)
![NumPy](https://img.shields.io/badge/NumPy-013243?logo=numpy&logoColor=white)
![Pandas](https://img.shields.io/badge/Pandas-150458?logo=pandas&logoColor=white)
![Scikit-Learn](https://img.shields.io/badge/Scikit--Learn-F7931E?logo=scikitlearn&logoColor=white)
![Matplotlib](https://img.shields.io/badge/Matplotlib-11557C?logo=python&logoColor=white)
![Seaborn](https://img.shields.io/badge/Seaborn-76B900?logo=python&logoColor=white)
![Plotly](https://img.shields.io/badge/Plotly-3F4F75?logo=plotly&logoColor=white)
![D3.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/D3.js-F9A03C?logo=d3dotjs&logoColor=white)
![Deepgram](https://img.shields.io/badge/Deepgram-000000?logo=deepgram&logoColor=white)
![WebSocket](https://img.shields.io/badge/WebSocket-010101?logo=websocket&logoColor=white)

**Vector Databases**  
![Pinecone](https://img.shields.io/badge/Pinecone-45A29E?logo=pinecone&logoColor=white)

**Databases & Messaging**  
![Redis](https://img.shields.io/badge/Redis-DC382D?logo=redis&logoColor=white)
![Kafka](https://img.shields.io/badge/Kafka-231F20?logo=apachekafka&logoColor=white)

**Productivity & Admin**  
![M365](https://img.shields.io/badge/M365-0078D4?logo=microsoft&logoColor=white)
![Notion](https://img.shields.io/badge/Notion-000000?logo=notion&logoColor=white)
![Slack](https://img.shields.io/badge/Slack-4A154B?logo=slack&logoColor=white)
![Discord](https://img.shields.io/badge/Discord-5865F2?logo=discord&logoColor=white)
![Matrix](https://img.shields.io/badge/Matrix-000000?logo=matrix&logoColor=white)
![Custom Email Server](https://img.shields.io/badge/Custom%20Email%20Server-0078D4?logo=maildotru&logoColor=white)
![Networking Troubleshooting](https://img.shields.io/badge/Networking%20Troubleshooting-000000?logo=networkx&logoColor=white)

**Special Skills**  
![Build Trading Algos](https://img.shields.io/badge/Build%20Trading%20Algos-0A192F?logo=chartdotjs&logoColor=white)
![Custom Indicators](https://img.shields.io/badge/Custom%20Indicators-0A192F?logo=chartdotjs&logoColor=white)
![CTrader](https://img.shields.io/badge/CTrader-239120?logo=c-sharp&logoColor=white)


---

<!-- EXPERIENCE HIGHLIGHTS -->
<a name="experience"></a>
### 💼 Experience Highlights
- **GFT Financial**: GCP Cloud DevOps Engineer (2023–Present)
  - Deployed and managed infra for high-profile clients (HSBC, Zurich, Deutsche Bank, etc.)
  - Built robust CI/CD pipelines, automated deployments, and integrated AI/ML workflows
- **Vantage Point Global**: GCP Cloud Engineer (2021–2023)
  - Designed scalable, secure GCP environments for big data and fraud detection
  - Supported clients including Zurich Investment Group
- **Custom Solutions**:
  - **Lead Developer & Architect, Social Media Marketing Automation SaaS**: Designed and launched a white-label Engagement Marketing Hub for agencies, enabling real-time monitoring and AI-powered engagement across Twitter, Reddit, Threads, TikTok, and LinkedIn. Led a team to deliver:
    - Multi-tenant, modular adapters for rapid onboarding of new clients/channels
    - Hybrid polling/webhook engine for reliable, real-time feed monitoring
    - AI-generated, on-brand replies using OpenAI, with a central prompt manager for brand voice
    - Universal authentication, advanced rate-limiting, and secure credential storage (Redis)
    - Enterprise-grade observability: structured logging (Winston), Prometheus, Grafana, and automated retries
    - Plugin-style architecture for easy extensibility and robust media handling
  - Built RAG pipelines, automation bots, and custom APIs for various clients

<!-- CERTIFICATIONS -->
<a name="certifications"></a>
### 📜 Certifications
<p>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GCP_Professional_Cloud_Security_Engineer-4285F4?logo=googlecloud&logoColor=white"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GCP_Professional_Cloud_Database_Engineer-4285F4?logo=googlecloud&logoColor=white"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GCP_Professional_Cloud_Architect-4285F4?logo=googlecloud&logoColor=white"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GCP_Associate_Cloud_Engineer-4285F4?logo=googlecloud&logoColor=white"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Azure_Fundamentals-0078D4?logo=microsoftazure&logoColor=white"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Terraform_Associate-623CE4?logo=terraform&logoColor=white"/>
</p>

<!-- LATEST PROJECTS -->
<a name="projects"></a>
### 🚀 Latest Projects
- **AI-Powered Chatbot**: Custom RAG pipeline using OpenAI, Pinecone, and Express (private, demo on request)
- **Cloud Automation Suite**: Automated workflows with n8n, Zapier, and GCP Functions (private, demo on request)
- **Scalable API Gateway**: Built with Node.js, Docker, and Cloudflare for high-traffic apps (private, demo on request)

<!-- BEYOND TECH / HOBBIES -->
<a name="beyond-tech"></a>
### 🎾 Beyond Tech
When I'm not coding, you'll find me:
- 🏸 Playing tennis & padel
- 🧗‍♂️ Bouldering & hiking
- 🏀 Shooting hoops
- 🏋️‍♂️ Hitting the gym

<!-- LET'S CONNECT -->
<a name="contact"></a>
---
<p align="center">
  <b>Let's connect and build something awesome together!</b><br>
  <a href="mailto:dami.jiwola@gmail.com"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-Dami-blue?style=flat-square&logo=gmail"></a>
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/dami-ijiwola"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-Dami-blue?style=flat-square&logo=linkedin"></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/Dlola"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-Dami-black?style=flat-square&logo=github"></a>
</p>

<!-- COOL INTRO/FOCUS SECTION -->

---

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://media.giphy.com/media/3o7aD2saalBwwftBIY/giphy.gif" width="120"/>
</p>

<p align="center"><b>🚀 Most of my work is in private repositories or client projects.<br>
But here's a snapshot of what I do best!</b></p>

---
